# Chatbot using OpenAI API

This is a simple chatbot created using the OpenAI API. It allows you to interact with the chatbot and receive responses generated by OpenAI's powerful language model.

## Installation

1. Clone this repository.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/itsramzan/chatbot.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory.

```bash
cd chatbot
```

3. Install the required dependencies.

```bash
yarn
```

4. Set up your OpenAI API credentials.

   - Create an OpenAI account at [https://beta.openai.com/](https://beta.openai.com/) if you haven't already.
   - Generate an API key and set it as an environment variable or pass it directly to the code. Remember to keep your API key confidential.

5. Globally install the bot

```bash
npm i -g
```

6. Run the chatbot.

```bash
chatbot
```

## Usage

Once the chatbot is running, you can interact with it by sending input messages through the command line or terminal. The chatbot will then use the OpenAI API to generate a response based on the given message. You can have a back-and-forth conversation with the chatbot.

```text
🙎 User : Hello, how are you?
🤖 Chatbot : I'm an AI chatbot, so I don't have feelings. However, I'm here to assist you. How can I help you today?
🙎 User : What's the weather like today?
🤖 Chatbot : I'm sorry, I don't have access to real-time data. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
```

The generated responses will be displayed on the command line or terminal.

## Project stracture

```bash
├── package.json
├── Readme.md
├── src
│   ├── ai
│   │   └── bot.js
│   ├── app.js
│   └── utils
│       ├── __dirname.js
│       ├── heading.js
│       ├── sleep.js
│       ├── spinner.js
│       └── toTitleCase.js
└── yarn.lock
```

## Customization

If you want to customize the behavior of the chatbot or fine-tune the model, you can modify the code in `src/ai/bot.js`. You can explore various options provided by the OpenAI API to experiment with different chatbot configurations.

## Note

Remember that the OpenAI API is a powerful language model, but it may not always provide correct or accurate information. Exercise caution when relying on generated responses and use your discretion.
